the task statement leaves a few questions unanswered. in order to get a
well-defined program, i've made a few assumptions.

 - "words" should be treated modulo things like punctuation and
   capitalization. so "QUEEN" and "queen" and "Queen!" should all be
   treated as the same word appearing in different contexts.

   words that are hyphenated, like "jury-box", are perfectly good words by
   themselves. so that word appears once in the Alice text and doesn't
   increase the counts for the words "jury" or "box"

   words that have more than one hyphen glyph between them are different
   words, because it's the standard ASCII-ification of em and en dashes. so
   "he gamboled---that is to say walked--in" produces eight distinct words
   not six.

   non-sense words to write down sounds people make that maybe aren't
   language, like "PLEUGH!" for spitting, but might not appear in a
   dictionary are fine words for this question.

 - "alice in wonderland" refers to the actual text of the book, not the
   metatext of a particular printing, such as copyright statements, project
   gutenburg text, tables of contents, or chapter headings. so that means
   that any operations on "alice in wonderland" shouldn't take into account
   the

 - it's not clear if the version of the text is specifically the project
   gutenburg edition, or even more specifically the PDF of the project
   gutenburg edition. the latter introduces some new complications, because
   you have to use some tool to extract the strings from the PDF as strings
   in data before doing anything with it.

   i'm actually curious to see how either choice effects the set of words
   you get out. my guess is that it won't effect the four that appear the
   largest number of times, but it will change the lower-frequency ones
   somewhat.

   the tool to convert PDF to txt is also an interesting choice. pdftotext
   is the standard unix tool; languages may have built-in ones that provide
   a more portable program

 - there's a little bit of non-determinism in the words that you output. it
   might be the case that the 20 most used words are all used exactly 5
   times, for example, so if you're computing the four most used words
   which ones do you pick? this is the maximal-but-not-maximum problem.

   in this case, i give no guarantees
